README.md, before:

# Covenant Connect

This project powers the Covenant Connect ministry management application.  The
legacy application is built with Flask and SQLAlchemy and ships with a helper
script for provisioning the first administrator account in a brand-new
deployment.

> **New TypeScript rewrite**
>
> A greenfield JavaScript/TypeScript implementation now lives under
> [`apps/backend`](apps/backend) and [`apps/frontend`](apps/frontend). The NestJS
> backend exposes modular services for authentication, donations, events,
> prayer, content, and reporting while the Next.js frontend provides the
> landing experience and an operational dashboard. Shared domain interfaces are
> published from [`packages/shared`](packages/shared), and the architecture is
> documented in [docs/js-architecture.md](docs/js-architecture.md).

## Environment configuration

Set the ``ENVIRONMENT`` (or legacy ``FLASK_ENV``) variable to ``production`` to
enable secure defaults for cookies and URL generation.  In production the
configuration will automatically mark session and remember-me cookies as secure,
default the preferred URL scheme to HTTPS and require explicit CORS origins.  A
comma-separated ``CORS_ORIGINS`` list can be provided when hosting on AWS or any
other multi-domain environment.  ``SERVER_NAME`` may also be defined when Flask
needs to know the canonical hostname for URL generation.

If any of the secure defaults are overridden while running in production the
application will log a warning during startup, allowing operators to spot
misconfigurations quickly.

### Social sign-on providers

Support for Google, Apple, and Facebook single sign-on is available when the
corresponding OAuth credentials are supplied via environment variables:

* ``GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`` and ``GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET``
* ``APPLE_CLIENT_ID`` and ``APPLE_CLIENT_SECRET``
* ``FACEBOOK_CLIENT_ID`` and ``FACEBOOK_CLIENT_SECRET``

When any of the above pairs are present the login screen automatically surfaces
buttons for the configured providers.  Successful sign-ins create a user record
that links the provider identity while leaving the password unset, allowing a
smooth passwordless experience for SSO-only accounts.

## Seeding the initial admin user

Use ``create_admin.py`` to create the very first administrator.  The script
reads credentials from command-line arguments or the ``ADMIN_USERNAME``,
``ADMIN_EMAIL`` and ``ADMIN_PASSWORD`` environment variables.  The password must
be at least 12 characters long and include an uppercase letter, lowercase
letter, digit and symbol.

```bash
# Option 1: provide everything inline
python create_admin.py --username covenant-admin \
    --email admin@example.com \
    --password 'Sup3r$ecretP@ss'

# Option 2: rely on environment variables for non-interactive deployments
export ADMIN_USERNAME=covenant-admin
export ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@example.com
export ADMIN_PASSWORD='Sup3r$ecretP@ss'
python create_admin.py
```

If the script is run again with the same email address it exits cleanly without
creating a duplicate administrator account, making it safe to re-run as part of
deployment automation.

## Deployment runbook

Operational details, AWS resource mappings, and ECS deployment instructions live in [docs/deployment-runbook.md](docs/deployment-runbook.md).

Commit message:

feat(frontend): add wordpress landing page

README.md, after:

# Covenant Connect

This project powers the Covenant Connect ministry management application.  The
legacy application is built with Flask and SQLAlchemy and ships with a helper
script for provisioning the first administrator account in a brand-new
deployment.

> **New TypeScript rewrite**
>
> A greenfield JavaScript/TypeScript implementation now lives under
> [`apps/backend`](apps/backend) and [`apps/frontend`](apps/frontend). The NestJS
> backend exposes modular services for authentication, donations, events,
> prayer, content, and reporting while the Next.js frontend provides the
> landing experience and an operational dashboard. Shared domain interfaces are
> published from [`packages/shared`](packages/shared), and the architecture is
> documented in [docs/js-architecture.md](docs/js-architecture.md).
>
> Need to surface content on a church website? Drop the installable WordPress
> plugin in [`integrations/wordpress-plugin`](integrations/wordpress-plugin)
> into `wp-content/plugins`, configure the API endpoint, and use the provided
> shortcodes to render sermons and events without custom theme work.
> The Next.js frontend now ships a `/solutions/wordpress-plugin` landing page,
> moving the marketing flow off the legacy Flask templates as we transition to
> the all-TypeScript stack.

## Environment configuration

Set the ``ENVIRONMENT`` (or legacy ``FLASK_ENV``) variable to ``production`` to
enable secure defaults for cookies and URL generation.  In production the
configuration will automatically mark session and remember-me cookies as secure,
default the preferred URL scheme to HTTPS and require explicit CORS origins.  A
comma-separated ``CORS_ORIGINS`` list can be provided when hosting on AWS or any
other multi-domain environment.  ``SERVER_NAME`` may also be defined when Flask
needs to know the canonical hostname for URL generation.

If any of the secure defaults are overridden while running in production the
application will log a warning during startup, allowing operators to spot
misconfigurations quickly.

### Social sign-on providers

Support for Google, Apple, and Facebook single sign-on is available when the
corresponding OAuth credentials are supplied via environment variables:

* ``GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`` and ``GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET``
* ``APPLE_CLIENT_ID`` and ``APPLE_CLIENT_SECRET``
* ``FACEBOOK_CLIENT_ID`` and ``FACEBOOK_CLIENT_SECRET``

When any of the above pairs are present the login screen automatically surfaces
buttons for the configured providers.  Successful sign-ins create a user record
that links the provider identity while leaving the password unset, allowing a
smooth passwordless experience for SSO-only accounts.

## Seeding the initial admin user

Use ``create_admin.py`` to create the very first administrator.  The script
reads credentials from command-line arguments or the ``ADMIN_USERNAME``,
``ADMIN_EMAIL`` and ``ADMIN_PASSWORD`` environment variables.  The password must
be at least 12 characters long and include an uppercase letter, lowercase
letter, digit and symbol.

```bash
# Option 1: provide everything inline
python create_admin.py --username covenant-admin \
    --email admin@example.com \
    --password 'Sup3r$ecretP@ss'

# Option 2: rely on environment variables for non-interactive deployments
export ADMIN_USERNAME=covenant-admin
export ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@example.com
export ADMIN_PASSWORD='Sup3r$ecretP@ss'
python create_admin.py
```

If the script is run again with the same email address it exits cleanly without
creating a duplicate administrator account, making it safe to re-run as part of
deployment automation.

## Deployment runbook

Operational details, AWS resource mappings, and ECS deployment instructions live in [docs/deployment-runbook.md](docs/deployment-runbook.md).
