docs/js-architecture.md, before:

# Covenant Connect TypeScript Architecture

This document captures the initial structure for the JavaScript/TypeScript rewrite of Covenant Connect. It highlights the technology choices, module layout, and the plan for expanding feature parity with the Python/Flask implementation.

## Technology stack

| Area      | Selection | Rationale |
|-----------|-----------|-----------|
| Backend   | [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/) on Node 18+ | Decorator-driven modules mirror Flask blueprints, dependency injection keeps the code modular, and the ecosystem integrates well with Prisma, class-validator, and BullMQ. |
| ORM       | Prisma (planned) | Prisma offers schema-first modelling with type-safe client generation. The current code ships with an in-memory repository layer that can be swapped for Prisma once the schema migration is authored. |
| Auth      | argon2 password hashing + pluggable OAuth handlers | Mirrors the existing local login and social sign-in flows while allowing future provider-specific strategies. |
| Queue     | BullMQ/Redis (planned) | The in-memory task queue abstracts the interface required for follow-up scheduling, making it simple to drop in BullMQ workers later. |
| Frontend  | Next.js 13 app router + Tailwind CSS | Provides hybrid SSG/SSR for marketing pages and authenticated dashboards, while Tailwind accelerates UI delivery. |
| Shared    | TypeScript workspace package | Domain types are colocated in `packages/shared` so both the backend and frontend consume a single source of truth for entities such as `UserAccount`, `Donation`, and `Event`. |

## Monorepo layout

```
.
├── package.json            # npm workspaces orchestrating backend, frontend, shared
├── tsconfig.base.json      # Compiler defaults shared across packages
├── apps
│   ├── backend             # NestJS API
│   └── frontend            # Next.js web experience
└── packages
    └── shared              # Domain interfaces shared across the stack
```

### Backend structure

```
apps/backend
├── src
│   ├── main.ts             # Nest bootstrap, CORS, helmet
│   ├── app.module.ts       # Global module wiring
│   ├── config/             # Environment-backed configuration slices
│   └── modules/
│       ├── accounts/       # Account repository + service
│       ├── auth/           # Login, registration, social providers, session store
│       ├── churches/       # Church profile CRUD
│       ├── content/        # Sermons & homepage content APIs
│       ├── donations/      # Multi-gateway donation orchestration
│       ├── email/          # Provider management + dispatch façade
│       ├── events/         # Event planning + ICS feeds
│       ├── health/         # Terminus-powered health checks
│       ├── integrations/   # Payment/email integration settings
│       ├── prayer/         # Prayer intake & follow-up metadata
│       ├── reports/        # Aggregate KPI reporting
│       └── tasks/          # Background job queue abstraction
```

Each module exposes a Nest `Module`, `Service`, and (where relevant) `Controller`. Today the services rely on in-memory stores to keep the initial commit lightweight; the method contracts align with Prisma models so the repository layer can swap to a real database with minimal churn.

### Frontend structure

```
apps/frontend
├── app/                    # Next.js app router routes
│   ├── layout.tsx          # Global shell + font loading
│   ├── page.tsx            # Marketing landing page with SSR data fetch
│   └── dashboard/page.tsx  # Staff dashboard view
├── lib/api.ts              # Thin typed fetch wrappers for backend endpoints
├── tailwind.config.ts      # Tailwind design tokens
├── postcss.config.js       # Tailwind + autoprefixer pipeline
└── app/globals.css         # Tailwind entry point + base styles
```

All data fetching uses the shared API client which reads `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL`. When the backend is unavailable the UI falls back to placeholder content so the experience degrades gracefully during local development.

## Follow-up work

1. **Database schema migration** – Translate the SQLAlchemy models into Prisma schema and generate the client. Replace the in-memory repositories in `accounts`, `donations`, `events`, etc. with Prisma-backed services.
2. **OAuth provider integration** – Implement Google, Facebook, and Apple strategies using Passport or direct OAuth clients, persisting tokens and refresh workflows.
3. **Payment gateways** – Replace the mock donation lifecycle with concrete SDK integrations for Paystack, Fincra, Stripe, and Flutterwave plus webhook verification endpoints.
4. **Queue infrastructure** – Connect the tasks module to Redis-backed BullMQ workers and port scheduled jobs (KPI digests, follow-ups, automation runners).
5. **Testing & CI** – Introduce Vitest/Jest suites that mirror the Python pytest coverage and configure GitHub Actions for linting, type-checking, and tests across the monorepo.
6. **Deployment scripts** – Author Dockerfiles and Terraform/Helm manifests for the Node services, aligning with the deployment practices documented in `docs/deployment-runbook.md`.

This scaffold provides a production-ready foundation while leaving room to iteratively port the remaining domain logic from the Flask application.

Commit message:

feat: persist sermons via prisma

docs/js-architecture.md, after:

# Covenant Connect TypeScript Architecture

This document captures the initial structure for the JavaScript/TypeScript rewrite of Covenant Connect. It highlights the technology choices, module layout, and the plan for expanding feature parity with the Python/Flask implementation.

## Technology stack

| Area      | Selection | Rationale |
|-----------|-----------|-----------|
| Backend   | [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/) on Node 18+ | Decorator-driven modules mirror Flask blueprints, dependency injection keeps the code modular, and the ecosystem integrates well with Prisma, class-validator, and BullMQ. |
| ORM       | Prisma | Prisma offers schema-first modelling with type-safe client generation. Accounts, churches, donations, and sermons already persist through Prisma models, with the remaining services staged for migration. |
| Auth      | argon2 password hashing + pluggable OAuth handlers | Mirrors the existing local login and social sign-in flows while allowing future provider-specific strategies. |
| Queue     | BullMQ/Redis (planned) | The in-memory task queue abstracts the interface required for follow-up scheduling, making it simple to drop in BullMQ workers later. |
| Frontend  | Next.js 13 app router + Tailwind CSS | Provides hybrid SSG/SSR for marketing pages and authenticated dashboards, while Tailwind accelerates UI delivery. |
| Shared    | TypeScript workspace package | Domain types are colocated in `packages/shared` so both the backend and frontend consume a single source of truth for entities such as `UserAccount`, `Donation`, and `Event`. |

## Monorepo layout

```
.
├── package.json            # npm workspaces orchestrating backend, frontend, shared
├── tsconfig.base.json      # Compiler defaults shared across packages
├── apps
│   ├── backend             # NestJS API
│   └── frontend            # Next.js web experience
└── packages
    └── shared              # Domain interfaces shared across the stack
```

### Backend structure

```
apps/backend
├── src
│   ├── main.ts             # Nest bootstrap, CORS, helmet
│   ├── app.module.ts       # Global module wiring
│   ├── config/             # Environment-backed configuration slices
│   └── modules/
│       ├── accounts/       # Account repository + service
│       ├── auth/           # Login, registration, social providers, session store
│       ├── churches/       # Church profile CRUD
│       ├── content/        # Sermons & homepage content APIs
│       ├── donations/      # Multi-gateway donation orchestration
│       ├── email/          # Provider management + dispatch façade
│       ├── events/         # Event planning + ICS feeds
│       ├── health/         # Terminus-powered health checks
│       ├── integrations/   # Payment/email integration settings
│       ├── prayer/         # Prayer intake & follow-up metadata
│       ├── reports/        # Aggregate KPI reporting
│       └── tasks/          # Background job queue abstraction
```

Each module exposes a Nest `Module`, `Service`, and (where relevant) `Controller`. Accounts, churches, donations, and the content module’s sermon endpoints already persist data through Prisma, while the remaining modules still use in-memory stores whose method contracts align with the Prisma models for a straightforward swap to the database.

### Frontend structure

```
apps/frontend
├── app/                    # Next.js app router routes
│   ├── layout.tsx          # Global shell + font loading
│   ├── page.tsx            # Marketing landing page with SSR data fetch
│   └── dashboard/page.tsx  # Staff dashboard view
├── lib/api.ts              # Thin typed fetch wrappers for backend endpoints
├── tailwind.config.ts      # Tailwind design tokens
├── postcss.config.js       # Tailwind + autoprefixer pipeline
└── app/globals.css         # Tailwind entry point + base styles
```

All data fetching uses the shared API client which reads `NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL`. When the backend is unavailable the UI falls back to placeholder content so the experience degrades gracefully during local development.

## Follow-up work

1. **Database schema migration** – Translate the SQLAlchemy models into Prisma schema and generate the client. Replace the in-memory repositories in `accounts`, `donations`, `events`, etc. with Prisma-backed services.
2. **OAuth provider integration** – Implement Google, Facebook, and Apple strategies using Passport or direct OAuth clients, persisting tokens and refresh workflows.
3. **Payment gateways** – Replace the mock donation lifecycle with concrete SDK integrations for Paystack, Fincra, Stripe, and Flutterwave plus webhook verification endpoints.
4. **Queue infrastructure** – Connect the tasks module to Redis-backed BullMQ workers and port scheduled jobs (KPI digests, follow-ups, automation runners).
5. **Testing & CI** – Introduce Vitest/Jest suites that mirror the Python pytest coverage and configure GitHub Actions for linting, type-checking, and tests across the monorepo.
6. **Deployment scripts** – Author Dockerfiles and Terraform/Helm manifests for the Node services, aligning with the deployment practices documented in `docs/deployment-runbook.md`.

This scaffold provides a production-ready foundation while leaving room to iteratively port the remaining domain logic from the Flask application.
